Here's a quote by Corey Ladas. In a well‑regulated pull system,
iterations add no value at all.
Well, if this causes you to sit back and reflect, well, you are not alone.
When I first read that I was like hmm, really? Well,
we've come full circle from our first module, so let me ask the question again.
Is time boxed iteration obsolete?
What do you think now after taking this course? Here are my
thoughts. For me, agile/Scrum was so much more valuable than any
waterfall or traditional development approach, so it is still
near and dear to my heart.
But the more I use and experience kanban, the more I
really appreciated simplicity and clarity.
A kanban team is even more self‑directed than any agile/Scrum team in my view.
So the answer is, well,
it depends. If you have work that fits nicely into a continuous flow,
then yes, the time boxed iteration is dead for you, so use kanban.
If you have very strict milestones and deadlines,
maybe a time boxed iteration may be best, but maybe only because
management has not embraced the philosophy and trust of using kanban. I do
think kanban could work in most app dev situations,
but you need the buy‑in of everyone for its success, your team,
your management, and your customers.
Let's reiterate this axiom of truth.
Shorter lead times have been proven to increase quality. As you can
see in the lower portion of the slide, lead time is defined as a
time from receiving the requirement to delivery. With waterfall,
long lead times, poorer quality.
It might have been months from the time the specs were completed
until the code was delivered. With agile/Scrum, iterations drive
shorter lead times for improved quality for sure. The lead time is
about the length of the sprint,
maybe plus a couple of days here and there for planning and
such. With kanban, the studies have shown that the lead times
are even less than agile/Scrum, and therefore we would expect greater quality and work output.